[CRDB-48576] Add rollback steps if migration fails from helm and operator (#542)
cockroachdb/helm-charts: docs/migration/operator/README.md

kubectl apply -f manifests/crdbnode-2.yaml
```

> > ⚠️ If you want to rollback follow [rollback section](#rollback-plan-in-case-of-migration-failure).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ If you want to rollback, follow the [rollback section](#rollback-plan-in-case-of-migration-failure).
```

One the migration is successful, now delete the statefulset created by public operator:
```
kubectl delete statefulset $CRDBCLUSTER 
```

## Rollback Plan (in case of migration failure)

If the migration to the cloud operator fails during the stage where you are applying the generated crdbnode manifests, follow the steps below to safely restore the original state using the previously backed-up resources and preserved volumes. This assumes the StatefulSet and PVCs are not deleted.

1. Delete the applied crdbnode resources in the reverse order you created them and simultaneously scale the StatefulSet back up

Delete the individual crdbnode manifests in the reverse order of their creation (starting with the last one created, e.g., crdbnode-1.yaml) and scale the StatefulSet back to its original replica count (e.g., 2).

> **Example**: 
> 
> 1. Lets say you applied two crdbnode yaml file (`crdbnode-2.yaml` & `crdbnode-1.yaml`)
> 2. Now you want to rollback due to any issue.
> 3. Delete the crdbnodes in reverse order. 
> 4. First delete the `crdbnode-1.yaml`, scale the replica count to 2 
> 5. Do the verification by checking the under replicated range to zero.
> 6. Then delete the `crdbnode-2.yaml` and scale replica count to 3 and so on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Delete the applied crdbnode resources and simultaneously scale the StatefulSet back up.

Delete the individual crdbnode manifests in the reverse order of their creation (starting with the last one created, e.g., crdbnode-1.yaml) and scale the StatefulSet back to its original replica count (e.g., 2). For example, assuming you have applied two `crdbnode` yaml files (`crdbnode-2.yaml` & `crdbnode-1.yaml`):

a. Delete the crdbnodes in reverse order, starting with `crdbnode-1.yaml`.
b. Scale the StatefulSet replica count up by one (to 2).
c. Verify that data has propagated by waiting for there to be zero under-replicated ranges.
d. Repeat steps a through c for each node, deleting the `crdbnode-2.yaml`, scaling replica count to 3, and so on.
```

```
kubectl delete -f manifests/crdbnode-1.yaml
kubectl scale statefulset $CRDBCLUSTER --replicas=2
```

**Verification Step** 
To ensure your CockroachDB node is fully ready before proceeding with the next replica rollback, verify that there are no under-replicated ranges. You can check this using the `ranges_underreplicated` metric, which should be zero.

First, set up port forwarding to access the CockroachDB node's HTTP interface:
```
kubectl port-forward pod/cockroachdb-2 8080:8080
```
Note: CockroachDB's UI is running on 8080 port by default.

Now, you can verify the metric by running following command:
```
curl --insecure -s https://localhost:8080/_status/vars | grep "ranges_underreplicated{" | awk '
{print $2}'
```
The above command will emit the number of under-replicated ranges on the particular CockroachDB
node and it should be zero before proceeding to next crdb node.

Note: It might take some time for the `under-replicated` value to be zero.

> Repeat the kubectl delete -f ... command for each crdbnode manifest you applied during migration.

Reviewer 2: I can't leave the following as a suggested edit in github because it contains interfering code blocks. Suggest replacing with the following:

**Verification Step** 
To verify that there are no under-replicated ranges, ensuring that there is no downtime in data availability, follow these steps throughout rollback to review the `ranges_underreplicated` metric which should be zero before proceeding.

a. Set up port forwarding to access the CockroachDB node's HTTP interface:
```
kubectl port-forward pod/cockroachdb-2 8080:8080
```
Note: CockroachDB's UI is running on 8080 port by default.

b. Verify the metric by running the following command:
```
curl --insecure -s https://localhost:8080/_status/vars | grep "ranges_underreplicated{" | awk '
{print $2}'
```
The above command will emit the number of under-replicated ranges on the particular CockroachDB node. This should be zero before proceeding to the next crdb node.

Note: It might take some time for the `under-replicated` value to be zero.

c. Repeat the kubectl delete -f ... command for each crdbnode manifest you applied during migration.
